clarify date/time (#4745)
vmware-tanzu/velero: site/content/community/_index.md

* Follow us on Twitter at [@projectvelero](https://twitter.com/projectvelero)
* Join our Kubernetes Slack channel and talk to over 800 other community members: [#velero](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/velero)
* Join our [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/projectvelero) to get updates on the project and invites to community meetings.
* Join the Velero community meetings  - [Zoom link](https://vmware.zoom.us/j/551441444?pwd=dHJyMWZtdHFPWWFJaTh5TnFuYWMvZz09):
  * 1st and 3rd Tuesday at 12PM ET / 9AM PT ([Convert to your time zone](https://dateful.com/convert/est-edt-eastern-time?t=12pm))

>   * 2nd and 4th Wednesday at 8am China Standard Time / Tuesday ET ([Convert to your time zone](https://dateful.com/convert/beijing-china?t=8am))

Reviewer: Looks like you're missing the Tuesday times for ET/PT

Reviewer: Also, we might as well deal with the daylight savings/standard time issue here. Instead of "8pm ET/ 5pm PT", maybe we should say "7pm EST (8pm EDT) / 4 pm PST (5pm PDT)" -- since the 2nd/4th week meetings are based on China Standard time which doesn't switch for daylight savings.

Author: ```suggestion
  * 2nd and 4th Wednesday at 8am China Standard Time / Tuesday 7pm EST (8pm EDT) / Tuesday 4 pm PST (5pm PDT) ([Convert to your time zone](https://dateful.com/convert/beijing-china?t=8am))
```
